action_table.md, before:

|                KEY COMBO |                     OVERVIEW |                        SHEET |                         CELL |
| ------------------------ | ---------------------------- | ---------------------------- | ---------------------------- |
|                     LEFT |                          N/A |                Navigate left |                  Move cursor |
|                    RIGHT |                          N/A |               Navigate right |                  Move cursor |
|                       UP |                          N/A |                  Navigate up |                          N/A |
|                     DOWN |                          N/A |                Navigate down |                          N/A |
|                    ENTER |                          N/A |   Overwrite and update score |   Overwrite and update score |
|                   ESCAPE |               Scope decrease |               Scope decrease | Deselect or undo and backout |
|                   DELETE |                          N/A |             Delete cell text |                          N/A |
|                BACKSPACE |                          N/A |             Delete cell text |                       Delete |
|                     HOME |                          N/A |                          N/A |         Move cursor to start |
|                      END |                          N/A |                          N/A |           Move cursor to end |
|              Ctrl + LEFT |                          N/A |                          N/A |         Move cursor to start |
|             Ctrl + RIGHT |                          N/A |                          N/A |           Move cursor to end |
|            Ctrl + DELETE |                  Clear times |                  Clear times |                  Clear times |
|                 Ctrl + C |                          N/A |                          N/A |                         Copy |
|                 Ctrl + X |                          N/A |                          N/A |                          Cut |
|                 Ctrl + V |                          N/A |                          N/A |                        Paste |
|                 Ctrl + L |                   Load times |                   Load times |                   Load times |
|                 Ctrl + S |                   Save times |                   Save times |                   Save times |
|                 Ctrl + B |                 Export times |                 Export times |                 Export times |
|             Shift + LEFT |                          N/A |                          N/A |                  Select char |
|            Shift + RIGHT |                          N/A |                          N/A |                  Select char |

Commit message:

Implemented tab key and mouse navigation functionality Put table export into io.c

action_table.md, after:

# Generated from io.c in ExportActionTable() at Line 261

|                KEY COMBO |                     OVERVIEW |                        SHEET |                         CELL |
| ------------------------ | ---------------------------- | ---------------------------- | ---------------------------- |
|                     LEFT |                          N/A |                Navigate left |                  Move cursor |
|                    RIGHT |                          N/A |               Navigate right |                  Move cursor |
|                       UP |                          N/A |                  Navigate up |                          N/A |
|                     DOWN |                          N/A |                Navigate down |                          N/A |
|                    ENTER |                          N/A |        Navigate to next cell |   Overwrite and update score |
|                   ESCAPE |               Scope decrease |               Scope decrease | Deselect or undo and backout |
|                   DELETE |                          N/A |             Delete cell text |                          N/A |
|                BACKSPACE |                          N/A | Delete cell text; enter cell |                       Delete |
|                      TAB |                          N/A |        Navigate to next cell |   Overwrite and update score |
|                     HOME |                          N/A |                          N/A |         Move cursor to start |
|                      END |                          N/A |                          N/A |           Move cursor to end |
|              Ctrl + LEFT |                          N/A |                          N/A |         Move cursor to start |
|             Ctrl + RIGHT |                          N/A |                          N/A |           Move cursor to end |
|            Ctrl + DELETE |                  Clear times |                  Clear times |                  Clear times |
|                 Ctrl + C |                          N/A |                          N/A |                         Copy |
|                 Ctrl + X |                          N/A |                          N/A |                          Cut |
|                 Ctrl + V |                          N/A |                          N/A |                        Paste |
|                 Ctrl + L |                   Load times |                   Load times |                   Load times |
|                 Ctrl + S |                   Save times |                   Save times |                   Save times |
|                 Ctrl + B |                 Export times |                 Export times |                 Export times |
|             Shift + LEFT |                          N/A |                          N/A |                  Select char |
|            Shift + RIGHT |                          N/A |                          N/A |                  Select char |
